# A lil summary
This repo contains a couple things that I have created and kept. You will find mock-ups and wireframes I did for my startup, as well as links to websites I have designed and built (keel.io and another in RoR zip file). I have also included an ultrasonic transducer placement device that I have ideated and prototyped with Solidworks for a Greentown labs startup called Titan AES.

Due to intellectual property rights, I am not allowed to upload code that I have written for a startup I previously worked for. However, ~~you can visit https://www.keel.io to see the current website that I have coded~~ (it is now taken down for maintenance since Nov 2019) in python, integrating PostgreSQL, client database, and external financial portfolios from financial institutions such as Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan. I designed the UX/UI interface of the website, then implemented them with css and html as well as embedded code for advanced ticker differentiation which was written separately from the website itself. 

As for the ultrasonic transducer placement device, I was tasked with the job to design a solution that will help ultrasonic transducers stay in place on top of car batteries that we were measuring without adding additional pressure onto the device that will affect the precision of the readings. This is crucial because deviation in the readings while everything else stayed constant (consistency of the ultrasound gel, car batteries, temperature...control environment) makes it difficult to derive mathematical modelling that will accurately reflect the relationship between ultrasonic feedback and the state of charge of the batteries. 
As such, I have designed and developed a device that will hold the transducer in place and keep the pressure constant between the ultrasound gel and the transducer. Since the device was used, our precision had gone up 6%.

I recently started to build a concept, and named it Unimattr, a platform for collaborative impact that supports open innovation of all type by connecting people with a project-centric approach. In this repo I have also included the design work I have done to complement all of the features and functionalities that I have created for my startup.

Lastly, I have attached a zip file for a website that I built with Ruby on Rails and SQL a couple moons ago for my high school. 
